Update the Docker Registry docs (#200)
kyma-project/docker-registry: docs/user/00-30-storage-configuration.md

## s3

> Similarly to Azure, the s3 storage can be configured in the DockerRegistry **spec.storage.s3** field. The only required field is **bucket** which contains the s3 bucket name and **region** which specifies where the bucket is located. This storage type allows you to provide additional optional configuration, which is described in [DockerRegistry CR](technical-reference/resources/06-20-docker-registry-cr.md). One of the optional configurations is the **secretName** that contains the authentication method to the s3 storage in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to Azure, the s3 storage can be configured in the DockerRegistry **spec.storage.s3** field. The only required fields are **bucket**, which contains the s3 bucket name, and **region**, which specifies the bucket location. This storage type allows you to provide additional optional configuration, described in [DockerRegistry CR](technical-reference/resources/06-20-docker-registry-cr.md). One of the optional configurations is the **secretName** that contains the authentication method to the s3 storage in the following format:
```

## BTP Object Store

BTP Object Store can be configured using the **spec.storage.btpObjectStore** field. The only required field is the **secretName**, which contains the BTP Object Store Secret name.

> The Secret is provided by a service binding to an instance of BTP Object Store. The underlying object store depends on the hyperscaler used for the BTP subaccount, AWS or GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Secret is provided to an instance of BTP Object Store by a service binding. The underlying object store depends on the hyperscaler used for the BTP subaccount, AWS or GCP.
```
